Suggestion of improvement for the Allow SProp error message. (#12183)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/addendum/sprop.rst

:cite:`Gilbert:POPL2019`.

> Using :math:`\SProp` may be prevented by passing ``-disallow-sprop``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use of :math:`\SProp` may be disabled by passing ``-disallow-sprop``
```

Not incorrect, but IMHO it reads better with "Use of" though I can't cite any grammatical rule for that.

to the |Coq| program or by turning the :flag:`Allow StrictProp` flag
off.

.. flag:: Allow StrictProp
   :name: Allow StrictProp

>    Using :math:`\SProp` is allowed only when this flag is on (this is
>    the default).  It may also be globally turned off with the
>    command-line flag ``-disallow-sprop``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Enables or disables the use of :math:`\SProp`.  It is enabled by default.
   The command-line flag ``-disallow-sprop`` disables :math:`\SProp` at startup.
```

I assumed you can override -disallow-sprop by setting the flag.

Should that be :math: or just ``` ` ... ` ```?  I guess the whole chapter is that way.
